a businessman arrived at his office and
found that some very
important documents had disappeared from
his desk
police suspect three people amy carla
and
mike each of them said however that they
hadn't even been to the office
who was lying
[Music]
it was mike both amy and carla are
wearing high heels
while the dirty footprints on the floor
were clearly left by sneakers
the king of a far away kingdom was
getting old and started to think of
announcing his heir he had three
daughters each with their own virtues
and the king couldn't decide which of
them would be the best queen
then one of his counselors suggested an
idea
the king should give each of his
daughters a teapot filled with water
and the daughter whose pot started to
boil first would be proclaimed the
heiress when the day of decision came
the three princesses started boiling
water two of them really wanted to
become the next queen
but in the end the one that didn't want
the throne won the competition
how did that happen
the two princesses who lost were a bit
too eager
they constantly raised the lids of their
pots to check if the water was boiling
and the third didn't care so the water
in her pot began boiling first
in the busiest street of a big city
there was a shoe cleaner who got lots of
clients
he offered his services to everyone for
free but
anybody who stopped and took his offer
left him money before heading off again
anyway
why did they do that
he cleaned only one shoe for free and if
the client wanted their second shoe
clean
they had to pay aaron was a poor teacher
in a rural school
on the 13th of february the day before
saint valentine's
he unexpectedly received a letter saying
that his rich great aunt had left him a
huge inheritance
the next day three of his colleagues
sarah carrie
and martha sent him love letters can you
tell who was genuinely in love with him
and who was only pretending to take
advantage of his newfound wealth
[Music]
carrie was the honest one she's wearing
a necklace
with a and c engraved on it which stands
for aaron and carrie
clearly aaron gave it to her as a gift
because they'd been dating
even before he got the inheritance
jonathan spent several days in a
hospital although he
never even entered the place through any
doors what's more
when he was released he was perfectly
healthy but still had to be carried out
of there
[Music]
why
because jonathan was a newborn baby
a village in the far north has found
itself in big trouble
someone has poisoned the lake which was
the only source of drinking water for
the dwellers
when the police arrived to the place all
they saw was a set of weird prints on
the snow
there were footprints between two
parallel lines
they didn't know the name of the culprit
but they at least knew who they had to
look for
can you follow their logic
the police were looking for a person in
a wheelchair and their helper
the wheels would leave those parallel
lines and the helper had to push the
chair
and would leave the footprints jack and
his business partner decided to
celebrate
a very profitable contract they'd
recently signed
they both loved hiking so jack suggested
going to the alps for a climbing trip
his partner gladly agreed and jack took
it upon himself to arrange their little
vacation
however the trip went terribly wrong and
jack's partner got lost in the mountains
jack couldn't find him and neither could
the rescuers
but upon returning home jack was
arrested
after the police got a call from his
travel agent why
the travel agent told the investigators
that jack
only bought one return ticket for
himself
for his partner he bought a one-way
ticket
someone had broken into mr jenkins house
and taken
all his valuables while he was on
vacation his neighbor
mr brown called the police to tell them
about it
because he'd witnessed the event he said
he'd come back from work
late and saw the lights were on in mr
jenkins house
mr brown knew his neighbor was away so
he carefully approached the window to
look inside
the glass was frosted over so he
breathed on it to melt the ice
and saw a man in a gray hoodie stuffing
valuables into a blue backpack
then mr brown ran home and called the
police
the officers listened to the story and
immediately
arrested mr brown why
the dutiful neighbor had one detail
wrong in his story
windows become frosted over from inside
then how could he have melted the frost
with his breath from the outside
one rainy morning miss riley left her
house in a hurry
and forgot some very important documents
on her desk
she came back in an hour but the
document was gone
she gathered everyone who was in the
house that day and questioned them
ryan the cook said he'd been preparing
dinner
and didn't even set foot in miss riley's
room
sal the janitor said he'd only come in
turned on the lights to see if cleaning
was needed and left
rose the gardener said she'd been busy
watering the plants outside
and didn't come into the house at all
who took the document
[Music]
it was a collective job all of miss
riley's employees were guilty
it was early in the day so it would have
made more sense for the cook to prepare
lunch for the same reason the janitor
wouldn't have needed to turn on the
lights
and it was also raining so the gardener
wouldn't have to water the plants
outside
there are four glasses on the table in
front of you
each of them is filled with water to the
exact same level
and in each of them there's an object in
the first class there's a baseball
in the second a pencil eraser in the
third
a wrist watch and in the fourth a
paperclip
which of the glasses has more water than
the rest
the fourth glass if you take out the
objects from their glasses
the water level will drop because
they'll stop taking up the volume
the paperclip is the smallest object so
there's more water in that glass
humanity is coming to its end the last
man on earth is going about his day
working the field gathering wood for the
fire making supplies for the winter
at the end of the day he's getting ready
for bed when he hears a knock on the
door
he isn't scared and goes to open it
who's standing behind the door
a woman
[Music]
mark's best friend james lives in
another city
and his birthday is soon so mark decides
to send him a present
james loves playing golf and mark buys
him
an expensive golf club but there's a
problem
the best postal service in his town only
accepts packages
no bigger than three feet to a side and
the club is four feet
long still mark found a solution
what was it
mark bought a square box with a side of
three feet
and put the club inside it diagonally
jenny's sister goes to a private party
to which jenny
wasn't invited envious jenny still
decides to go
but finds out there's a guard at the
entrance who asks
all visitors for a password she hides
around the corner
and eavesdrops on the other guests one
couple approaches the guard
and he says eleven they reply nine
and he lets them pass the next visitor
is a guy
to whom the guard says six he answers
with four
and the guard lets him through certain
that she gets the principal
jenny comes out of the shadow the guard
looks at her and says
110 jenny replies 108
but the guard doesn't let her through
what's the correct answer
[Music]
the answer is 90. if you write 11 in
roman characters it'll look like this x
i nine is its mirror image i
x same with six and four with 110
it's cx and 90 is xc
a man came to the police claiming that a
very valuable briefcase
was forcefully taken from him in the
street when an officer asked the man
if he could describe the person who had
done it the man said he was wearing a
full motorcycle outfit leather pants a
thick leather jacket
and a helmet the culprit tore the
briefcase from the man's hands
hopped on his motorbike and left still
the man noticed the criminal dropped
something and picked it up
turned out it was his glasses the man
took them to the police as evidence
after a few more questions the man was
taken into custody for fraud
why
[Music]
if the culprit was wearing a helmet then
how could he have lost his glasses
a married couple were staying at a hotel
one night
they had an argument and the man went
out to cool off
but forgot both his room key and his
phone
when he returned he saw an unconscious
man
lying on the floor next to his and his
wife's room door
the police arrived and questioned them
both the wife told them she'd heard a
knock on the door
and thought it was her husband so she
opened it right away
then the man pushed her so she smacked
him on the head with a candle holder
and closed the door from inside still
the police took her into custody
[Music]
why
the woman thought it was her husband but
still approached the door with a candle
holder in her hands
that means she wanted to hit him with it
in the first place
lights out